feat: expose unprotected metrics endpoint on internal port (#1614)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/10-server-config.md

Configures the gRPC listener port.

### `WOODPECKER_METRICS_SERVER_ADDR`
> Default: `:9001`

> Configures the unprotected metrics listener port. Empty value disables the metrics server completely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures an unprotected metrics endpoint. An empty value disables the metrics endpoint completely.
```
